---
num: "h02"
desc: "Project 3: Final Project"
ready: true
assigned: 2018-05-07 12:30
due: 2018-06-06 23:59
---

The final game project for this course involves working in a small team to design and develop a game of your choosing.

This project will be broken up into three milestones. Each milestone will require a deliverable described below:

## M1: Game Concept (due Sunday, 5/13)

<b>Deliverable:</b> Your team will provide a preliminary concept for your game. Submit a 1-2 page document answering the following questions (one submission per team):
* What are the basic mechanics of the game? 
* What are the rules / goals for the player?
* What game engine will you work with?
* Who in your team will "own" certain components of the game? What is the plan for delegating work appropriately.

## M2: Game Prototype (due Sunday, 5/27)

<b>Deliverable:</b> Your team will submit a <i>rough</i> prototype of the game illustrating the main mechanics described in M1 as well as a 1-2 page document answering the following questions (one submission per team):

* What is the current state of the game?
	* What components still need to be completed?
	* What is going well?
	* What is not going well?
* What are the contributions made by each member in your team?
* What components are each group member planning on completing for the next milestone?

## M3: Balance, Debugging, and Polish (due Wednesday, 6/8)

<b>Deliverable:</b> Your team will focus on balancing, debugging, and polishing your game, and submit a final version of the game. Your team should be prepared to demo your game in class on Wednesday 6/8. In addition to submitting the game, your team will submit a 1-2 page document answering the following questions (one submission per team):

* What is the current state of the game?
	* What components are working well?
	* What components could be improved?
* What are the contributions made by each member in your team?
* What was the greatest successes your team accomplished?
* What were the hardest challenges your team faced?



